A 74-year-old woman with exertional angina underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) 2 years ago for 90% stenosis of the left anterior descending coronary artery (LAD). However, post-PCI, she continued to experience symptoms of heart failure, and coronary angiography revealed new lesions causing 90% stenosis of the LAD artery and right posterior lateral branch (RPL). Consequently, we decided that on-pump arrested heart CABG should be performed. The grafting strategy included left internal mammary artery (LIMA)-LAD and aorta (Ao)-saphenous vein graft (SVG)-RPL configurations. Grafts were harvested using skeletonization and pedicle techniques for the LAD and SVG, respectively.CABG was completed without complications, and the graft was constructed as planned. The mean graft flow (MGF) and pulsatility index (PI) measured using a time-transit flowmeter (TTFM) were 44 ml/min and 2.1, respectively, for LIMA-LAD and 26 ml/min and 5.4, respectively, for Ao-SVG-RPL. The SVG had an estimated backward flow of 10 % and a slightly high PI; however, we decided to accept it and complete the surgery. No pericardial effusion or cardiac tamponade was observed on TEE performed at the end of surgery.Five hours postoperatively, the patient experienced a sudden drop in blood pressure in the intensive care unit (ICU), with a heart rate (HR) of 59 beats per minute (bpm) and arterial blood pressure (ABP) of 53/32 mm Hg. The amounts of blood drained from the pericardial and anterior-mediastinal drains (the pericardium was not closed) were 155 ml and 250 ml, respectively, 4 hours after leaving the operating room. After rapid red blood cell transfusion and an increase in the dose of continuous norepinephrine, the patient’s hypotension showed signs of improvement; however, she experienced tachycardic atrial fibrillation (HR, 150 bpm; ABP, 106/55 mm Hg). Approximately 10 minutes later, while preparing to administer amiodarone, the patient developed hypotension (ABP, 49/27 mm Hg), and electrical cardioversion was subsequently performed. Although the patient returned to sinus rhythm, pulseless electrical activity (PEA) was observed; therefore, cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) was initiated with chest compressions and ventilation, and 1 mg of epinephrine was administered intravenously. After 6 minutes, spontaneous circulation returned (HR, 103 bpm; ABP, 208/129 mm Hg). Although the image was unclear on bedside transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) and the left ventricular wall motion abnormality was not clear, the left ventricular cavity was narrowed, prompting an emergency reexploration for suspected cardiac tamponade.The patient was brought to the operating room, and a TEE probe (Philips EPIQ CVx echocardiographic module and X8-2t probe; Philips) was inserted. TEE images obtained before the resternotomy showed compression of the left atrium and diastolic collapse of the left ventricle (LV) caused by pericardial hemorrhage, leading to a diagnosis of cardiac tamponade (Figure 1 and Video 1). The hemopericardial effusion on the lateral side of the LV coagulated; however, the fluid in the areas around the left atrium and the posterior side of the LV was echolucent and relatively fresh. Therefore, we suspected that the source of the bleeding causing cardiac tamponade was in the region around this fresh hemopericardial effusion and carefully evaluated the space with TEE, which revealed that the fresh hemopericardial effusion was concentrated at the anastomosis between the SVG and RPL. TEE image of the SVG near the anastomotic site was obtained (Figure 2A). The graft anastomosis location was later correlated with post- reexploration computed tomography imaging (Figure 2B). The SVG was observed on the posterior side of the LV with multiple small bleeds streaming from the SVG-RPL anastomosis toward the fresh pericardial effusion (Figure 3 and Video 2). Thus, anastomotic bleeding was suspected to be the cause of cardiac tamponade and was reported to the surgeon.After emergency reexploration, the coagulated mass was quickly removed from the posterolateral side of the LV. TTFM measurements showed no decrease in MGF, no increase in PI, and no change in waveform compared to those at the end of CABG. Therefore, we determined that the cause of the PEA was cardiac tamponade rather than graft failure. Oozing venous bleeding was observed from the inferolateral left ventricular wall, and hemostasis was achieved by repairing the ventricular wall. However, bleeding persisted in the pericardial sac after hemostasis of the inferolateral wall. The heart was displaced to expose the posterior vessels, revealing pulsatile bleeding from the SVG-RPL anastomosis. Therefore, we determined that cardiac tamponade resulted from bleeding from the graft anastomosis of the SVG-RPL, which was controlled using sutures. MGF and PI measured after hemostasis and hemodynamic stabilization were 77 mL/min and 2 for the LIMA and 48 mL/min and 4.7, respectively, for the SVG.