A 4-week-old female had multiple congenital anomalies, including severe micrognathia, bilateral microtia, a cleft palate, hemi-vertebrae, a solitary kidney, ventriculomegaly, rib deformities, scoliosis, club feet, aortic coarctation, mitral stenosis, and a hypoplastic aortic valve. She developed a grade II intraventricular hemorrhage and seizures. She had hypoxemic respiratory failure due to restrictive lung disease from her rib cage deformities and obstructive lung disease from tracheobronchomalacia. She also had pulmonary hypertension. She presented to the operating room for placement of internal mandibular distractors to correct her retrognathia, with the hope that this would improve her respiratory status and allow for extubation.She had a 3.0?mm uncuffed oral ETT, which had been placed when she was 3 days old. The ETT placement required 9 attempts. The neonatology team tried to intubate with direct laryngoscopy (DL) three times, and the anesthesiology team tried to intubate with video laryngoscopy (VL) twice. Ultimately, the otolaryngology team was able to intubate using DL combined with a Hopkins rod. This took 4 attempts. About a week later, the patient had an unplanned extubation. The ETT was replaced by the otolaryngology team by intubating through an SGA. This required three attempts.The patientÕs examination was notable for a weight of 2.6?kg and congenital anomalies including retrognathia and micrognathia. She required a peak inspiratory pressure of 32 centimeters of water (cm H2O), positive end-expiratory pressure of 10?cm H2O, and a fraction of inspired oxygen of 40%. In a synchronized intermittent mandatory ventilation mode, she was making some spontaneous effort with pressure support. She was sedated with infusions of fentanyl and dexmedetomidine. She was transported to the operating room on a transport ventilator. However, upon switching to the anesthesia machine, there was a >75% ETT leak with a variable end tidal carbon dioxide (EtCO2) tracing. Although the leak was positional, the team decided to exchange the ETT for a cuffed tube. Additional anesthesia was provided with sevoflurane. Neuromuscular blocking drugs were not administered to maintain spontaneous ventilation in the event of inadvertent airway loss.Equipment and resources, including otolaryngologists, were gathered. Initially, the team attempted traditional airway exchange maneuvers. The uncuffed ETT was kept in place and moved to the left side of the mouth. VL was attempted with a Miller 1 blade followed by a hyperangulated blade, but the glottic opening and existing ETT were unable to be visualized.The team elected to place an SGA next to the existing uncuffed ETT. A 0.5 AirQ (AirLife ) was positioned next to the ETT without impacting ventilation. Next, a 2.2-mm flexible bronchoscope was placed through the SGA. With this technique, the glottic opening and the existing uncuffed ETT were visualized. The bronchoscope was withdrawn, and a lubricated 3.0 cuffed ETT was placed on the bronchoscope (Figure 1). The flexible bronchoscope was advanced via the SGA. Once a view of the glottis was reestablished, the flexible bronchoscope with the new cuffed ETT was inserted into the trachea as the uncuffed ETT was removed simultaneously (Figure 2). The new cuffed ETT was then passed into the trachea over the flexible bronchoscope. The bronchoscope was removed, and the 3.0 ETT was advanced with the aid of an additional uncuffed 2.5 ETT, inserted through the 3.0 cuffed ETT (Figure 3). This 2.5 ETT created additional length to allow for the removal of the SGA.3ÊCorrect placement of the ETT was confirmed with EtCO2Êand bronchoscopy. Once the ETT was secured, rocuronium was administered. Mandibular distractors were placed, and the patient was transported back to the neonatal intensive care unit. Ultimately, due to persistent pulmonary disease that did not improve, the patient underwent tracheostomy placement.