A 34-year-old woman, G5P4004, at 9 weeksÕ gestation presented for elective pregnancy termination via D&C secondary to severe maternal cardiomyopathy. She developed peripartum cardiomyopathy with persistent severe systolic heart failure after her last pregnancy. Additional medical history was significant for severe mitral valve regurgitation, congestive heart failure (New York Heart Association Class III), dysrhythmias (status post implantable cardioverter-defibrillator placement), type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, class III obesity (body mass index [BMI] of 42.7), and obstructive sleep apnea. The patient was estimated to have a 25% mortality risk in pregnancy with a >40% risk of cardiac event, therefore meeting the criteria for pregnancy termination due to a maternal health condition.Her most recent echocardiogram, 3 months before presentation, revealed a severely dilated left ventricle with reduced systolic function (ejection fraction <20%), severe mitral valve regurgitation, moderately elevated right ventricular systolic pressure, and moderate pulmonary valve regurgitation (Videos 1ÊandÊ2). Physical examination was notable for a Mallampati III airway, increased work of breathing (at baseline), orthopnea, and lower extremity edema. Secondary to her cardiomyopathy and history of supraventricular tachycardia, an implantable cardioverter had been placed 6 years prior. The patient was not pacemaker-dependent and had a backup rate of 40 bpm (VVI). Her last interrogation was 6 weeks prior and included 1 recorded episode of ventricular tachycardia. Preoperative electrocardiogram revealed normal sinus rhythm, rightward axis, and prolonged QT.The patientÕs preoperative medication regimen included carvedilol, gabapentin, hydralazine, insulin, isosorbide dinitrate, and torsemide. She had no known drug allergies and was appropriately fasted for the scheduled procedure. It was confirmed before entering the operating room that no electrocautery would be used and therefore no intervention was warranted for the patientÕs implantable cardioverter device. Preoperatively, she was identified as an American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) physical status IV.The D&C procedure was scheduled to occur in our Women and ChildrenÕs Hospital operating rooms with pediatric cardiac anesthesia coverage. An adult intensive care physician with experience administering remimazolam attended the procedure for mentoring. A plan for monitored anesthesia care was requested by the surgical team secondary to the desire to tightly control the impact of pain-induced hypertension in the operating room.The patient was transferred to the operating room and positioned in modified semifowler, to accommodate her orthopnea. All standard ASA monitors were applied, including nasal cannula oxygen at 4 liters per minute with end-tidal carbon dioxide monitoring. A 20-mg vial of remimazolam was reconstituted with sterile normal saline per package instructions. Normal saline was used as the intravenous fluid carrier, per the product guidelines, and a 25 µg fentanyl bolus was administered with an additional 25 µg of fentanyl given 5 minutes later. 2.5?mg boluses of remimazolam were administered in 3-minute intervals as recommended by the product insert for ASA III and IV patients. Before paracervical block administration by the surgical team, 20?mg of ketamine was administered. Modified ObserverÕs Assessment of Alertness/Sedation (MOAA/S) scores were obtained every 3 minutes. We were able to achieve the desired level of anesthesia, amnesia, and anxiolysis while maintaining MOAA/S scores between 3 and 4 (Figure 1).The patientÕs heart rate and blood pressure remained within 10% of baseline. Her oxygen saturation remained between 95% and 98% via nasal cannula with a respiratory rate of 15 to 23 breaths per minute. End-tidal CO2Êsampling via nasal cannula averaged 30 mm Hg throughout the case (Figure 2). No changes were observed on electrocardiogram.The procedure lasted 26 minutes. There was a 14-minute time interval from the last dose of remimazolam to the patient being awake, oriented, and resting comfortably in recovery. There was a 45-minute time interval from the last dose of remimazolam to the patient being discharged home.