A 74-year-old woman with a history of infiltrating ductal carcinoma of the breast and lytic metastases to the sacroiliac region initially treated with chemoradiation presented for a planned interventional radiology tumor ablation followed by sacral iliac bone stabilization with a PBSS to palliate refractory low back pain. Additional medical comorbidities include a body mass index of 37.2 kg/m2 obstructive sleep apnea on nasal continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP), non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, and chronic opioid use. As a Jehovah’s Witness, she declined all blood and plasma-derived products, including albumin. For the procedure, she suspended her Do Not Resuscitate (DNR) and Do Not Intubate (DNI).The anesthesia course was uneventful. After an unremarkable induction with lidocaine 80 milligrams (mg) intravenously (IV), propofol 150?mg IV, and remifentanil drip at 0.2 microgram (mcg)/ kilogram (kg)/ minute (min), the team placed an endotracheal tube and a second intravenous catheter. Anesthesia was maintained with propofol drip at 130 mcg/kg/min along with the aforementioned remifentanil drip. The patient was then positioned from supine to prone and monitored with standard American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) and ventilator monitors.Interventional radiology performed radiofrequency ablation of the tumor at the inferior sacrum at S3. Subsequently, the orthopedic surgeon attempted to fix the fracture via PBSS; however, the balloon device inappropriately self-deflated and was assumed ruptured. The surgeon attempted to recover as much of the photopolymerizable liquid monomer as possible, but approximately 20 mL of monomer liquid escaped, and consequently, he did not activate the LED light wand. Given the PBSS failure, a transiliac transsacral screw was placed between S1 and S2 for mechanical stabilization. The anesthetic record never noted, nor did the anesthesia team mention, any oxygenation or ventilation difficulties or hemodynamic instability requiring vasopressor drips. The patient received 1.5 liters of crystalloid fluid; estimated blood loss was 100 mL, and 300?mL of urine output was recorded. The patient emerged from anesthesia and was extubated and transferred to the postanesthesia care unit (PACU).Due to developing respiratory distress, the PACU team obtained a chest X-ray, which revealed bilateral patchy infiltrates consistent with pulmonary edema (see Figure 1: postoperative chest X-ray). The patient was admitted to the surgical intensive care unit (SICU) on 10 L oxygen via CPAP and treated with diuretics. By the next morning, her oxygen requirement decreased to 5 L via nasal canula, allowing transfer out of the SICU to a hospital ward. Unfortunately, through the night and into the next morning, despite continued diuresis and bronchodilating nebulizers by orthopedic and then internal medicine teams, her respiratory status deteriorated precipitously, prompting readmission to the SICU (see Figure 2: POD2 Chest X-Ray and Figure 3: POD2 chest CT).The patient fulfilled Berlin criteria for severe ARDS (PaO2/FiO2 = 61 mm Hg, diffuse bilateral pulmonary infiltrates, precipitating event within 7 days, and non-cardiac reasons), but an etiology was not evident. Computed tomography for pulmonary embolism (CTPE) was negative. Transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) did not find evidence of right heart strain, nor did the TTE support a cardiac etiology for respiratory distress. Vancomycin, piperacillin-tazobactam, and azithromycin were started, but infectious panels were found to be negative. Dexamethasone was given for potential SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) infection, but PCR testing was negative. After several hours of negative tests, further chart review, and cross-functional consultation between SICU, the orthopedic surgeon, and internal medicine teams, there was concern that the PBSS bioinert resin potentially resulted in a chemical inflammation/ pneumonitis. Treatment focused on continued supportive care.Due to dropping hemoglobin levels and blood-tinged sputum, the overnight ICU team became concerned about diffuse alveolar hemorrhage (DAH) and initiated methylprednisolone 500?mg intravenously for 5 days, followed by taper. Due to the patient’s DNR/ DNI and tenuous respiratory status, neither bronchial alveolar lavage (BAL) nor lung biopsy was performed to confirm DAH. Over the next four days, her respiratory condition improved, and with her oxygen requirement reduced, she transitioned from the SICU to a less acute hospital ward bed. Shortly thereafter, she was discharged home, but due to deconditioning, she was admitted to a rehabilitation facility and transitioned to home hospice due to her terminal illness. Six months later, she passed.